>> Paul DeBettignies: Last things, yes.
>> Speaker 2: Can you talk about
salary expectations ,specifically for
Minneapolis, St. Paul?
So I know the correct
amount of money to ask for
is the largest amount you can say with
a straight face, but what is realistic?
>> Paul DeBettignies: So
you don't even need me to answer.
You already know the answer
to your question.
>> Paul DeBettignies: I'm going to
give you some general, not, so again,
these numbers are for Minneapolis, St.
Paul, start there.
Jumping off, so I can say, someone who
has gone through Prime Digital Academy,
the boot camp code school up the street.
My guess is they're getting 50 to 58 grand
a year after having gone through that
program.
Was it, 16, 20 weeks, whatever it is now.
Most of the folks that get
admitted in there have some,
whatever that definition is,
some experience previous to, but not all.
University of Minnesota, IT grads this
year, we're making 62, 67 give or take.
Anybody with a data analytics background
who went through that program were getting
offers at UnitedHealth Group for 70 grand.
So that's that pool of people.
I'm seeing a lot of internships for
15 to 25 an hour.
>> Paul DeBettignies: So
that's 30 to 50 grand a year, so to speak,
if you just double it to make
the math simple, real quick.
The hard part though is that you then
have large companies who would just say
this is our salary band.
Startups and small tech companies don't
tend to pay as much as the big companies,
but they can offer equity and
maybe ping pong if that's your deal.
I'm getting to is this, it sounds like
I'm trying not to answer your questions.
There's actually four answers.
>> Speaker 2: Sure.
>> Paul DeBettignies: I'm a fan of
asking questions like what did last
year's intern make?
Can you give me an idea what the general
developers are making on your team?
Usually, you can try to,
if you ask it four different ways,
the recruiting I do, I tell everybody
my salary range from the get-go.
And then they tend to fudge less.
Cuz they already know what we're doing.
I also would go to a,
do it over the weekend,
do IT, in this case,
I would do entry level as a search,
entry level IT developer salaries,
do some of that.
I would go look at Robert Half, Lotus,
any of the other large national
consulting firms all have salary surveys.
Now understand that they're
Fortune 500 clients.
So the pay tends to be more.
And they tend to say three years,
plus seven years,
plus ten, so they're not getting here, but
at least you can get an idea of where
does three start and back it up a bit.
It's the one part of
this thing I don't like.
Cuz in town right now, the same front
end a developer could be making 50
at one place, 62 at another and
70 at another, same person.
Because none of this stuff is really
out there and it's not easily obtained.
So I'm not trying to dodge your question,
a little maybe, anyone else?